# Dynamic Data and Capabilities WG — December 11th, 2018

- **Lead:**
- **Notetaker:*
- **Attendees:**
  - @pgte
  - @arkadiy
  - @jimpick
  - @satazor
- [**Zoom.us meeting URL**](https://protocol.zoom.us/j/586782711)
- [**Recording**](https://youtu.be/P05l8QuHY0M)

## Agenda

1. Start recording
1. Ask everyone to put their name into the list of attendees
1. Ask for a volunteer to take notes
1. Everyone can add items to this agenda for things they would like to discuss
1. Round of intros and updates
  - Introduce yourself and your interest in this subject
  - What have you accomplished since the last meeting?
  - Were there any blockers? If so, which ones? Is it still blocked? Why?
  - What is the next important thing you should focus on?
1. Demos
  - ipfs-versidag
1. Questions

### 2 Week Updates:

(please copy this and add your update here :)

#### @
 - Concluded:
 - In progress:
 - Blocked:
 - Next:

#### @pgte
 - Concluded:
   - released peer-star-app/peer-base v0.10.6
 - In progress:
   - migration of peer-star-app to github.com/peer-base/peer-base: https://github.com/peer-base/peer-base/issues/203
   - js-delta-crdts: Progressively compute view value: https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/js-delta-crdts/issues/28
   - helping @dirkmc in simplifying discovery: https://github.com/peer-base/peer-base/pull/200
   - peer-base: extract components (RFC): https://github.com/peer-base/peer-base/issues/205
 - Blocked:
 - Next:

 #### @arakdiy
 - Concluded:
  - stripping down peer-pad for dev.peerpad.net internal use version (thanks victor)
 - In progress:
 - Blocked:
  - discussing cryptpad collaboration
 - Next:

#### @satazor
 - Concluded:
   - [versidag](https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/js-versidag) + [ipfs-versidag](https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/js-ipfs-versidag) modules
   - Prepared and gave a talk at OPO.js: [True Serverless](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1qs6zJuYv9uq92oAY-BsXFoOe5zNhs6kO)
     - Demo didn't workout as planned because the internet was really flacky
     - I really would like to give this talk in other conferences, ideas?
 - In progress:
   - Helping Pedro Santos with the tasks required to launch Dicussify in Chrome/Firefox extension stores
 - Blocked:
   - Most of the stuff I was blocked were moved to Pedro Santos
 - Next:
   - Fully dedicate my time to kickstart Identity/IDM
   - Discuss how `ipfs-log` and `versidag` could converge. We will chat in person, anyone interested please fill the [Doodle](https://doodle.com/poll/n7rpk36cy7x9wthk#table)
 - Notes:
   - Till Friday, I will be intermitent as I will be going to a conference; will be working mostly offline


#### @PedroMiguelSS
 - Concluded:
   - Discussify
     - Different manifest files for Chrome and Firefox on build process (https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/discussify-browser-extension/pull/6);
     - Data versioning - discussions are reset everytime data structure changes (https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/discussify-browser-extension/pull/4)
     - Published first version on Chrome store. Accepted yesterday ��(check it here https://chrome.google.com/webstore/search/Discussify)
 - In progress:
   - Discussify:
     - All actions triggered get a fade-in:
       - After clicking “REPLY”
       - After “CANCEL” a new reply
 - Blocked:
   - Discussify

     - Firefox publish (https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/pm-discussify/issues/68)
       - Privacy Policy - it also need to be linked to chrome store when ready
     - Add persistance of the data (pinner + sync UI language)
       - Ability to ask the pinner to pin cids of comments
       - Sync UI language being done for peerpad; will later borrow the same UI language
 - Next:
   - Discussify:
     - Polish UI animations (https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/pm-discussify/issues/66):
       - Add transition with opacity once user clicks “EDIT” comment
       - Animate “placeholder comment” content bars
       - Comments “skew”
       - Add scale and subtle bounce to the FAB when opening the extension in the browsers
       - Scale down and fade-out the FAB once the extension is closed
       - Tween between FAB and sidebar as previously mentioned in https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/pm-discussify/issues/52.
       - After closing modal add Fade-out on modal and overlay


#### @aschmahmann
 - Concluded:
   - Versioned graph synchronization proposal
https://github.com/ipld/replication/pull/3
   - Versioned graph synchronization implementation supports multiple named graphs
      - Required for reasonable pinner functionality
   -
 - In progress:
 - Blocked:
 - Next:

 #### @marcooliveira

- Concluded:
    - Discussify
        - Research about the publishing parameters
        - Update README (main and extension repos), currently under https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/discussify-browser-extension/tree/improve-readme
            - Include dev install, for collaborating;
            - Normal install, for regular users/testers;
        - Define which UI aspects need polishing
        - Create copy & imagery for publishing in stores
        - Released on Chrome Web Store ������������: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/discussify/bfmnjjkobeboejeocbompgljbiafbgcc
        - Create list of influencers who could help us with raising awareness about Discussify and peer-star/peer-base:
            - Pedro Teixeira
            - Jim Pick
            - David Dias
            - Pedro Gomes (linkedin.com/in/pedrouid)
            - Mark Boas
            - Textile guys
            - Should also look into twitter #ipfs, Medium and Youtube

- In progress:
   - "Collaboration lifecycle" workshop, to create UX guidelines for peer-star/peer-base apps
   - Fix problems with André's talk on OPO.js

- Blocked:
   - Discussify
       - Addons for Firefox: Privacy Policy is required

- Next:
   - Finalise "Collaboration lifecycle"
   - Put list of "decentralised influencers" in issue, and share with DDC so that team can help out as well
   - Check what type of feedback & insights we'd like to gather from Discussify, and how we can gather it
   - Start discussing new iteration on IDM UX & UI with André Cruz & Sousa


#### @jimpick
 - Concluded:
  - Japan Trip!
       - Tokyo Nodefest
       - Google
    - PeerPad PRs + merging
 - In progress:
    - PeerPad bugs / f fixing
 - Blocked:
 - Next:



#### @
 - Concluded:
 - In progress:
   -
 - Blocked:
 - Next:


-------------

## Notes:

- https://github.com/vvscode/js--nightwatch-recorder
- daviddias: a true offline demo would be really cool
- https://vimeo.com/147968322
- aschmahmann: try to align separate projects
- daviddias: borrow stuff from dat?
- jimpick: has a hypercore on ipld partially written
- satazor / daviddias: blocked on legal

David Dias:
 - not competing with Google Docs, etc.
 - product for users to get feedback
 - building a full product is a lot work
 - can we build a framework?
 - perhaps we can work with partners, eg. CryptPad
 - PeerPad and Discussify
 - PeerBase
 - focus is more developers
 - dweb primitives for DApps
 - Adin: data should be portable

Satazor demo
?
- arkadiy: better session replay for debugging? e.g. https://github.com/vvscode/js--nightwatch-recorder
