# Dynamic Data and Capabilities WG — November 13th, 2018

- **Lead:** Pedro (@pgte)
- **Notetaker:** @pgte
- **Attendees:**
  - @satazor
  - @victorbjelkholm
  - @aschmahmann
  - @pgte
  - @andreforsousa
  - @jimpick
  - @gritzko
  - @daviddahl
   
- [**Zoom.us meeting URL**](https://protocol.zoom.us/j/586782711)
- [**Recording**](https://youtu.be/KOa2rBlcj18)

## Agenda

1. Start recording
1. Ask everyone to put their name into the list of attendees
1. Ask for a volunteer to take notes
1. Everyone can add items to this agenda for things they would like to discuss
1. Round of intros and updates
  - Introduce yourself and your interest in this subject
  - What have you accomplished since the last meeting?
  - Were there any blockers? If so, which ones? Is it still blocked? Why?
  - What is the next important thing you should focus on? 
1. Steps to have production Pinner (deployed for peerpad.net) (@victor)
	- Arkadiy will schedule a meeting this week to draft requirements for Pinner V0 for PeerPad
1. Demos
  - "replicated" and "pinned" events (@pgte)
1. Questions

### 2 Week Updates:

(please copy this and add your update here :)


#### @
 - Concluded:
 - In progress:
 - Blocked:
 - Next:

#### @pgte
 - Concluded:
   - working group 2019 roadmap, 1st iteration
   - peer-star-app:
     - fix: DiasSet break points: https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/peer-star-app/pull/101
     - fix: deduplicates membeship addresses: https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/peer-star-app/pull/102
     - pinner should only get state: https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/peer-star-app/pull/106
     - test pinner: https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/peer-star-app/pull/108
     - membership heuristic sampling function should be synchronous: https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/peer-star-app/pull/110
     - chore: using aegir lint and fixes linting errors: https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/peer-star-app/pull/116
 - In progress:
    - expose collaboration replication events: https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/peer-star-app/pull/111
 - Blocked:
 - Next:
    - continue on exposing collaboration replication events: https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/peer-star-app/pull/111
    - support different strategies for local store: https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/peer-star-app/issues/117

#### @satazor
 - Concluded:
   - working group 2019 roadmap, 1st iteration
   - discussify:
     - UI level QA: https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/pm-discussify/issues/58
     - Standardized styleguide comment names with @andreforsousa
 - In progress:
   - Replies
   - Lazy load of comments and replies (view more)
 - Next:
   - Implement "show history" in the UI
   - Add persistance of the data (pinner + sync UI language)
     
Note: Ask pedro about granularity of Discussify v1 milestones on the roadmap
     
 #### @andreforsousa    
 - Concluded:
    - Discussify:
    - Style-guide updates with all scenarios and states (hover, focus, error feedback) for "comment-component"
        - Comment
        - Comment (ownership)
        - Comment Actions
        - Comment Edited
        - Comment Edited History
        - Comment Placeholder
        - Comment Removed
        - Comment Input (new reply)
        - Comment Input (editing)
    - QA & style-guide updates for the pre-alpha version
        - FAB Shadow fix
    - PeerPad UX/UI fixes:
        - Grid width for 80columns accommodation (desktop)
        - Dismissible notifications (desktop)
        - Empty state illustration
        - History revision
        
- Blocked:
    - PeerPad mobile:
    - Hi-Fi prototype to start looking for:
        - Transitions between elements
        - Start defining values for the eases
        - This will be in the backlog until desktop version is properly defined and polished, following David’s feedback.
    
- In progress:
  - Discussify Brand & Web Guidelines (manual)
  - Look at new features for PeerPad (sync with Victor)

 
#### @VictorBjelkholm
 - Concluded:
 		- Error reporting on peerpad.net
 - In Progress:
 		- UX review
    - Pinner review
 - Blocked:
 - Next:
    - Pinner deployment
    - Metrics
 
#### @aschmahmann
 - Concluded:
  - Roadmapping round #1
  - Basic graph sync + updating working
 - In progress:
  - Looking into using existing CRDT tools like y.js to talk to the local Go graph syncing client
     - Any advice would be appreciated
 - Blocked:
  - Not sure how much work to put into improving graph syncing vs wait for IPLD selectors/GraphSync
  - A little blocked by the lack of the Wallet and Friends components of the Sharing API
 - Next:
  - More progress towards a causal chat application
   - Which avenue to explore next somewhat depends on our file sharing API priorities
    - Could also focus on writing proposals for this

#### @jimpick
 - Concluded:
   - working group 2019 roadmap, 1st iteration (participant)
   - fixes to ORMap CRDT
   - Pedro's editor binding fixes
   - real-life testing of peer-pad-nano with PL staff
   - zombie gossip messages and hacks to filter them out
   - React.js binding fixes (didn't work on Android!)
   - Trying out the peer-pad e2e load tests
   - Wildcard DNS / more PL staff testing
 - In progress:
   - Moving changes to production version (too diverged right now!)
   - Pinner for production version?
   - Product management for production version
   - Review pinner work by Pedro
   - Review pinner work by Dirk
   - Characterize indexeddb perf issues
   - Characterize zombie gossip issue
   - Fix e2e smoke test
   - Tokyo Nodefest next week!
 - Blocked:
   - Meetings - Roadmapping vs. PeerPad PM
   - Dogfooding / testing
 - Next:
 

#### @daviddahl
 - Concluded:
  - see: https://github.com/IBM/ipfs-social-proof
  - Version 0.0.2 of ipfs-social-proof
  - Generates an ad-hoc IPFS-based "identity" based on main peer keypair
  - User can create proofs (signed ad-hoc JSON) and post to github gist or reddit post
  - `Autonomica` client (included) fetches the advertised proof Urls and verifies them with peer public key
 - In progress:
  - More tests
  - crypto "primitives" API to support all of the requirements of IPFS Identity Manager application
  - ASCII armoring of signatures
  - ASCII armoring of public keys that actually work
 - Blocked: Not really. reading all of the IPFS Identity Manager docs / requirements and W3C VC WG specs, etc. 
 - Next:
  - Want to support proofs and DID methods / DID formats as spec'd
  - Extremely interested in collaboration with IPFS teams
  
#### Victor Grishchenko @gritzko

https://github.com/gritzko/ron Replicated Object Notation (2.0,the old version) - CRDT friendly data format

https://youtu.be/HpZYqUmK3_M CRDT revision control talk by Nikita (our planned demo)
 
 
 
-------------
 
## Notes:

- Schedule a deep dive session around Identity
  - @satazor - André Cruz
  - @jimpick - Jim Pick
  - @aschmahmann - Adin Schmahmann
  - @daviddahl David Dahl (ddahl on irc)
  - perhaps mention this in slack so that other people interested in this topic may join?
  
- Arkadiy will schedule a meeting this week to draft requirements for Pinner V0 for PeerPad
  - Discuss the how we identify/authenticate pinners, probably adopting the identity solution



