# Dynamic Data and Capabilities WG — January 8th, 2019

- **Lead:** @pgte
- **Notetaker:** @satazor
- **Attendees:**
   - @jimpick
   - @satazor
   - @dirkmc
   - @aschmahmann
   - @pgte
   - @andreforsousa
   - @marcooliveira
   - @pedromiguelss
   - (please add  your handle here)
- [**Zoom.us meeting URL**](https://protocol.zoom.us/j/586782711)
- [**Recording**](https://youtu.be/2JcPcTRv_fM)

## Agenda

1. Start recording
1. Ask everyone to put their name into the list of attendees
1. Proposal: New format: https://github.com/ipfs/dynamic-data-and-capabilities/issues/58
1. Proposal: New schedule: weekly
1. Ask for a volunteer to take notes
1. Everyone can add items to this agenda for things they would like to discuss
1. Round of intros and updates
  - Introduce yourself and your interest in this subject
  - What have you accomplished since the last meeting?
  - Were there any blockers? If so, which ones? Is it still blocked? Why?
  - What is the next important thing you should focus on?
1. Cross-WG dependencies: attend meetings (@pgte)
1. Demos
  - Super quick demo of "sketch-style" terminal app (uses XState) - @jimpick
1. Questions

### 3 Week Updates:

#### @
 - Concluded:
 - In progress:
 - Blocked:
 - Next:

#### @pgte
 - Concluded:
   - created peer-base/specs
   - peer-base: dependency update storm
   - peer-base: delta batches
 - In progress:
 - Blocked:
 - Next:
   - peer-base: speed-up tests with pre-baked peer-ids
   - versidag / ipfs-log -> create chat app
   - peer-base renaming
   - connection management in peer-base

#### @jimpick
 - Concluded:
   - lots of experimentation with making small example apps
   - diffy + xstate demo
   - browsers wg meeting (talked about Tokyo + Google meeting)
   - community wg meeting
 - In progress:
   - some PeerPad react front-end work, update deps
 - Blocked:
   - rename peer-base?
 - Next:
   - figure out community outreach plans for Q1
   - (added after: collaboration lifecycle!)

#### @pedromiguelss
 - Concluded:
  - Discussify
    - Actions triggered get a fade-in:
      - After clicking “REPLY”
      - After “CANCEL” a new reply
 - In progress:
  - Discussify
    - Finishing 'CommentPlacer' component
    - Add transition with opacity once user clicks “EDIT” comment
    - Animate “placeholder comment” content bars
 - Blocked:
  - Firefox publish (https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/pm-discussify/issues/68)
    - Privacy Policy - it also need to be linked to chrome store when ready
 - Next:
  - Polish UI animations (https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/pm-discussify/issues/66):
    - Add transition with opacity once user clicks “EDIT” comment
    - Add scale and subtle bounce to the FAB when opening the extension in the browsers
    - Scale down and fade-out the FAB once the extension is closed
    - Tween between FAB and sidebar as previously mentioned in https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/pm-discussify/issues/52.
    - After closing modal add Fade-out on modal and overlay

#### @aschmahmann
 - Concluded:
   - MW-IPNS API improvements
      - Also switched from Protobufs to go-ipld-cbor for message passing
   - Added some MW-IPNS content resolvers:
      - Set CRDTs
      - Single writer IPNS with conflicts (only using preset communication channels though)
 - In progress:
   - Started listing peer-base concepts
   - Collecting initial thoughts on Message Queueing proposal
 - Blocked:
 - Next:
   - Working on peer-base specs for a while, coming up with a priority order/strategy
   - Investigate MW-IPNS over public channel
   - OOO Jan 16-25 (limited availability and missing next meeting)
   - Justin Cormack from Docker, and involved with Noise Protocol Framework is planning on joining the meeting next week

#### @satazor
 - Concluded:
   - Helped Pedro Santos with changes to the build process in order to publish Discussify into Chrome & Firefox
     - Publishing on Firefox is blocked because of the privacy policy
   - Initial draft of "Identity" breakdown: https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/pm-idm/issues/2#issuecomment-452345916
   - Started contributing to ipfs-log:
     - Use IPLD: https://github.com/orbitdb/ipfs-log/pull/213
     - Helped review other PRs related to improvements we discussed with ipfs-log developers
 - In progress:
     - Add timeouts to ipfs-log read & write functions: https://github.com/orbitdb/ipfs-log/issues/199
     - Discussing the "Collaboration Lifecycle" with Marco Oliveira and Pedro Santos: https://github.com/peer-base/peer-base/issues/227
 - Next:
     - Keep working on the Identity breakdown, assign people to high-level points outlined there and start working!

#### @andreforsousa
 - Concluded:
   - Draft proposal for IDM sitemap with the priorities regarding user-journeys & pages
   - Helped @satazor with the gist for IDM breakdown
 - In progress:
   - Peer-base: Collaboration Lifecycle and UI/UX guidelines with @satazor and @marcooliveira (already uploaded to GitHub)
   - Kickstart (yesterday) new concept for "IDM"
   - Follow the current implementation on Discussify animations
 - Blocked:
 - Next:
   - Multiple approaches/concepts for "IDM" UI

#### @dirkmc
 - Concluded:
 - In progress:
   - Fixes in libp2p-switch
 - Blocked:
 - Next:
   - Some changes to how connection management works

#### @marcooliveira
- Concluded:
    - Breakdown of peer-base plan (mainly Strategic Product Management Activities and Outbound Activities)
    - 2019 OKRs
- In progress:
    - Porto ProtoSchool chapter
    - Collaboration Lifecycle draft (current status at https://gist.github.com/marcooliveira/fa5c31aded5b69c9c7deff5b73351729)
        - Need to discuss with @satazor
        - Need to discuss with @pgte
    - Start discussing new iteration on IDM UX & UI with André Cruz & Sousa
- Blocked:
- Next:
    - Events dapp pitch
    - Define more specific plan for peer-base
        - resources
        - milestones
    - Get approval for:
        - peer-base plan
        - Event dapp
    - Get clarity on what's going to happen with Porto ProtoSchool
        - Talk to Teri
        - Talk to Jim Pick

 -------------

## Notes:
- Jim demoed a peer-base RGA CRDT working in a terminal using nodejs. XState was used as state machine to change between starting, sending, saved, receiving, etc..
- Pedro mentioned we must rename peer-base because the owner of the peerbase name declined to give it to us. He will make a pool with a few suggestions so that we can decide on the new name.
- Pedro showed a PR about the WG roadmap in which we all participated in response to Dirk.
- Arkady tried to reach a 3rd party to adopt our tech but it's too soon. We need to make the stack more stable and reliable first.
- Adin and Pedro mentioned that we should learn from what textile and bring that knowledge to peer-base. Later on, and if textile agrees, they can replace parts that they built with parts from peer-base.

