# Dynamic Data and Capabilities WG — January 29th, 2019

- **Lead:** @pgte
- **Notetaker:**
- **Attendees:**
   - @satazor
   - @aschmahmann
   - @pgte
   - @jimpick
   - @andreforsousa
   - @pedromiguelss
   - @dirkmc
   - @arkadiy
   - (please add  your handle here)
- [**Zoom.us meeting URL**](https://protocol.zoom.us/j/586782711)
- [**Recording**](https://youtu.be/gOGEvOWWIAM)

## Agenda

1. Start recording
1. Ask everyone to put their name into the list of attendees
1. Ask for a volunteer to take notes
1. Everyone can add items to this agenda for things they would like to discuss
1. Round of intros and updates
  - Introduce yourself and your interest in this subject
  - What have you accomplished since the last meeting?
  - Were there any blockers? If so, which ones? Is it still blocked? Why?
  - What is the next important thing you should focus on?
1. Ask for volunteer to lead the DDC meetings during February (@pgte)
  - zoom account delegation
  - schedule rotation
1. Demos
  - Jim: show peer-base trace/reconstruction technique
1. Questions
1. Actions

@aschmahmann clarify https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/pm-idm/issues/2#issuecomment-451032749 from the identity discussion.

### 1 Week Updates:

(Copy, paste and fill in the following block)

#### @
- Concluded:
- In progress:
- Blocked:
- Next:

#### @pgte
- Concluded:
  - delta-crdts: make RGA independent of causal delivery
  - ipfs-pubsub-room: support js-ipfs v0.34.4 `ipfs.libp2p` API
- In progress:
  - peer-base: upgrade to js-ipfs v0.34.4 - support `ipfs.libp2p` API
- Blocked:
  - libp2p transport reconnect: https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p/issues/312
- Next:
  - FOSDEM 2019

#### @satazor
- Concluded:
   - Workplan for the IDM: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Venqgkcao2Lcje0mkCxr9u0H037aC3H5IxMfsoaeMoE
   - Refactored IDM breakdown: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1g0TjSPjEM4pryPwJTGhIeE4DBsj-VJpz_JqbfllJUgA
   - Coordinate two brainstorm sessions on identity topics
 - In progress:
   - IDM concept paper: https://cryptpad.fr/code/#/2/code/view/6fFZbHI1Zj1i2Xja8DpJ867URyFR2b-aiLpxwKErWdo/
   - IDM spec paper: https://cryptpad.fr/code/#/2/code/view/x6emT-0hXpN4eg-9wZEHaKsmgOEU+jdcyBx9-pG6nQQ/
 - Blocked:
 - Next:
   - Create a small presentation about the IDM project for people, including the team, to better understand what it is

#### @aschmahmann
- Concluded:
  - OOO/Married!
- In progress:
- Blocked:
- Next (same as 1/15):
  - Catch up on emails/meetings
  - Comment on any identity documents I'm needed for
   - Continuing progress on peer-base concepts, trying to make sure we can model multiple approaches beyond what we already have implemented
   - Continuing research on how to make synchronizing append-only DAGs work over public distributed channels (e.g. like pubsub)

#### @pedromiguelss
- Concluded:
  - js.ipfs.io new version release with new languages
- In progress:
  - Fixing a bug - comment hides itself when users are replying to an existing reply
  - Opening PR for CommentPlacer Component
  - Discussify's Privacy policy
- Next:
  - implement FAB scale animation on the app itself
  - implement morph animation on the app itself

#### @jimpick
- Concluded:
  - Community WG, Web Browsers WG, Offline WG, Identity Profile Meeting
- In progress:
  - Collaboration random load testing - problem with not finishing
    - https://github.com/peer-base/peer-base/issues/246
    - https://github.com/peer-base/peer-base/pull/249
    - Developed some techniques for tracing and reconstructing peer-pad activity
    - Needs more attention
- Blocked:
- Next:
  - Offline?

#### @andreforsousa
- Concluded:
  - Meeting “Discuss Identity Profile”
  - IDM Concept (GH Issue): https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/pm-idm/issues/6
    - Homepage;
    - Profile page;
        - Add new feature “Activity Feed”
  - Keybase & Blockstack analysis
  - Styleguide Atoms (Atomic Design)
    - Add new (missing) text-styles
  - IDM Information Architecture (GH Issue): https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/pm-idm/issues/7
- In progress/ Next:
  - Start wireframing and designing other pages after the IA decisions and approved concept
  - Collaborate with @satazor about the IDM presentation

#### @arkadiy
- Concluded:
  - focused on collaborations work last week
  - Locol (sic) WG (offline) established
- In progress:
  - API for reconnects/offline status
  - re-sync with jim + pedro on peerpad/peerbase layer separation
  - trying not to freeze to death in Chicago

#### @dirkmc
- Concluded:
  - Improvement to membership convergence speed
- In progress:
  - Use a protocol specifically for establishing membership:
  - https://github.com/peer-base/peer-base/issues/243
- Blocked:
- Next:


 -------------

## Notes:
  - next meetings leader:
    - arkadiy and satazor
    - (also adin and dirk)
    - zoom account permissions needed
  - Adin on IDM / blockchain
    - IPFS/IPNS built on top of DHT with validators
    - tweek for IPID?
    - possible to make exception for IPID
    - alternative to consensus
    - key revocation?
      - only IPNS request is needed in general case except when compromised
      - group encryption scheme
    - multiwriter IPNS = some type of CRDT thing (to track heads)
    - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ip2XhudTEGE&t=0s&list=PLuhRWgmPaHtTVkko1ZTn-qcGb-n6EqHff&index=6


