# Dynamic Data and Capabilities WG â€” February 5th, 2019

- **Lead:** @satazor
- **Notetaker:** @dirkmc
- **Attendees:**
   - @satazor
   - @andreforsousa
   - @pedromiguelss
   - @dirkmc
   - @gritzko
   - @jonnycrunch 
   - @jimpick
   - @aschmahman
   - @jonnycrunch 
   - @momack2
   - (please add  your handle here)
- [**Zoom.us meeting URL**](https://zoom.us/j/896298813)
- [**Recording**]()

## Agenda

1. Start recording
1. Ask everyone to put their name into the list of attendees
1. Ask for a volunteer to take notes
1. Everyone can add items to this agenda for things they would like to discuss
1. Round of intros and updates
  - Introduce yourself and your interest in this subject
  - What have you accomplished since the last meeting?
  - Were there any blockers? If so, which ones? Is it still blocked? Why?
  - What is the next important thing you should focus on? 
1. Demos
  - Distributed tracing of peer-base with OpenCensus / Jaeger
    - https://github.com/jimpick/peer-base/tree/trace-opencensus-jaeger
    - https://opencensus.io/
    - https://www.jaegertracing.io/
    - Alternative to OpenCensus: https://opentracing.io/
1. Questions
  - How to report progress on IDM? As part of the DDC WG meetings or outside of it?
1. Actions  

### 1 Week Updates:

### @satazor
- Concluded:
  - Submited two drafts papers for the RWOT8 conf
  - Kickstarted the IDM project: https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/pm-idm/projects/1
    - Scrum, two weeks sprint
  - Tweaks to the IDM Information Architecture diagram
- In progress:
   - IDM concept paper: https://cryptpad.fr/code/#/2/code/view/6fFZbHI1Zj1i2Xja8DpJ867URyFR2b-aiLpxwKErWdo/
   - IDM spec paper: https://cryptpad.fr/code/#/2/code/view/x6emT-0hXpN4eg-9wZEHaKsmgOEU+jdcyBx9-pG6nQQ/
- Blocked:
- Next:
   - Setup `pm-idm` repository README
   - `ipid` module to manage DID documents based on IPID

### @aschmahman
- Concluded:
  - A number of large changes pushed to github.com/aschmahmann/ipshare. Main wins are better documentation and some example content resolvers. For those who are interested, take a look at the resolvers folders to see both a G-Set CRDT and a multiwriter IPNS that supports conflicts/simultaneous updates.
  - @bigs and I took a look at some issues I was experiencing bootstrapping from the local IPFS daemon node. Switched integration tests to be more self contained and bootstrap from a test created node.

- In Progress:
  - Talking with @dirkmc and @bigs on suggested ways to make synchronizing append only DAGs work in public channels. This may include extracting parts of PubSub and peer-bases membership into new interfaces
  
### @pedromiguelss
- Concluded:
	- comment hides itself when users are replying to an existing reply - bug fixed
	- animations PR opened (https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/discussify-browser-extension/pull/12) and (https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/discussify-styleguide/pull/5)
- In progress:
	- Kickstart the IDM UIKit repo (https://github.com/ipfs-shipyard/idm-styleguide)
- Blocked:
	- Discussify privacy policy
- Next:
	- Implement the initial components present in the IDM UI styleguide


### @andreforsousa
- Concluded:
  - IDM:
    - Commit with the Initial styleguide version specs (html file)
    - Commit with the Fonts webkit
    - Updates on Information architecture diagram
    - Finished and presented"What is IDM?" presentation for MOXY team
    - User-stories/tasks and scrum board for the IDM sprints
    
- Next: 
  - IDM:
    - Design the "Setup Locker" user-journey
    - Design the "Lock Screen" user-journey

### @dirkmc
- Concluded:
- In progress:
  - Reducing number of messages sent while establishing membership
  - Making membership more scalable
  https://github.com/peer-base/peer-base/issues/243
- Blocked:
- Next:

### @gritzko
- Concluded: 
  - an "industrial-grrade" (i.e. dumb enough) algorithm for the RGA/CT<->plain text mapping (the 2.1 version has chained deletes, that is a bit different from the classic version)
- In progress:
  - debugging the thing
- Next
  - start fuzz testing the thing

### @jimpick
- Concluded:
  - mostly worked on tracing and building test case from tracing
  - attempted to manually reconstruct older failure scenario (failed)
  - more tests for new changes, collaboration-random test ... really good (still fails rarely)
  - OpenCensus / Jaeger distributed tracing
  - peer-base serverless experiment on Zeit Now https://github.com/jimpick/peerpad-serverless-now
- In progress:
  - more distributed tracing
  - capture trace from rare random failure
- Blocked:
- Next:
  - pinner work

### @jonnycrunch 
- Concluded: https://github.com/WebOfTrustInfo/rwot7-toronto/blob/master/draft-documents/ipld_did_documents.md
- In progress: Finalizing proofs for anchor in ethereum 
- Blocked: W3C approach is old-school 
- Next: Now chair of IEEE working group on Identity

 -------------
 
## Notes:
- Jim has been working on making fuzz testing reproducible by capturing tracing and converting it into deterministic tests (using OpenCensus / Jaeger). Will need a mock networking layer

##### Adin has been working on
- ipshare: https://github.com/aschmahmann/ipshare
  - CRDTs (grow only set, CID based register with conflict resolution)
  - Looking at sync protocol and what can be shared with peer-base
  - Graph sync is being actively worked on elsewhere so Adin is focusing on API
- Test-specific bootstrapper (for libp2p)
Satazor sees synergies with IPID in terms of being able to sync the DAG

##### Jim demoed tracing work
- Dirk asked about using events more in the codebase, so that we don't have so many dependencies on stats, replication, tracing etc
- Jim said that doing the tracing work has involved refactoring and cleaning up a lot of code
- Satazor asked about doing tracing inside a module that you don't own, eg a crypto module
- Jim says you can use proxy javascript objects, hooks etc. Chrome itself has a tracing framework

#### Separate meeting for IDM updates
- Satazor asked the group if there should be a separate meeting for IDM updates
- Molly has been working with other groups to spend less time on updates and more time on discussion. Suggested a few options.
- Satazor would like to have a separate IDM call where one of the people in the IDM meeting would also update the DDWG group with the "headlines" from the IDM meeting
- Molly suggests to make sure that notes are taken at the IDM meeting and that there's a zoom link
- Discussed when to schedule IDM meeting, could be good to schedule it before the DDWG meeting so that DDWG can be informed of progress

##### jonnycrunch talked about DID
- jonnycrunch raised issue of using non-deterministic format for DID documents with W3C, pushing to use CBOR
- W3C tends to be web 2.0 focused
- Some complications around DID authentication as different parties use different crypto-systems (RSA vs EC etc)
- IPNS is getting better. The DID implementation waits for a response from 3 peers (instead of 16) and then gets updates over pubsub which is fast enough for this use case

